Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
It痴 hormonal.
I mean, I don't usually
fall back on, you know,
Women's issues, but...
But child-proofed how?
Gates and stuff?
Dude, she did the drawers.
We don't even know if this whole
fertility thing is going to work.
She screwed in these little jobbies
where you can't even open the drawers.
- At all?
- No. They open, you know, like an inch.
Then you gotta dig your finger in.
I mean, it's a nightmare.
I guess sooner or later...
Yeah, well, a lot later.
She did the upper cabinets.
The kid'll be 30
before he can reach 'em,
Assuming, you know,
we have a kid.
Attention...
It is natural for her
to feel protective.
Don't even...
You have women's issues.
Please.
You of all people.
Oh, come on, it's a jinx.
It... It guarantees that
we won't get pregnant.
And it takes me about 20
minutes to get a fuckin' beer.
Guys, guys,
Stockholm went south.
Seriously? I thought
they were looking good.
What cracked?
I haven't seen the footage.
Word is just going around.
Well, it's never been
a stable scenario.
Everyone knows
you can't trust Swedes.
That means there's just
Japan... Japan and us.
It's not the first time
it's come down to that.
- Japan has a perfect record.
- We're #2. We try harder.
- Guys, if we fail...
- Please, we haven't had a glitch since '98.
We know what we're doing, Lin.
Or we have it written down...
somewhere.
You guys better not
be messing around in there.
Ooh, does this mean you're not
in the betting pool this year?
Big money.
I am just saying
it's a key scenario.
No, I hear what you're saying.
In '98, it was the Chem
Department's fault, right?
Where do you work again? Wait,
it's coming back to me now.
It's gonna be a long weekend
if everyone's that puckered up.
So you wanna come over Monday night?
I'm gonna pick up some power
drills, liberate my cabinets.
Are you even listening to me?
# You never get that taste
out of your mouth #
# You never get the paw print
out of the hen house now #
# And you can't go back
the same way you came #
# Round all the pieces up #
# But they just don't
fit the same #
# Right now 'cause
maybe it's not so bad #
# So let your hair
down now... #
Ugh! Professor Fuckwad.
Why haven't you stuck that asshole's
picture on the dartboard yet?
It's not that simple.
Oh, my god.
- Your hair... It's blond.
- Very fabulous, no?
- I can't believe you did it.
- But very fabulous, right?
Hurry up with
the "very fabulous".
I'm getting insecure
about it now.
Oh, god. No, no.
It looks awesome.
- Curt's gonna lose it.
- Oh, Curt痴 gonna thank me.
And so will you while we
are burning this picture.
Oh, not ready.
Seriously,
this isn't his fault.
What's not his fault?
Fucking his student or
breaking up with her by email?
- I knew what I was getting into.
- Oh, please.
You know what you're
getting into this weekend?
This.
And if Holden痴 as cute
as Curt says he is,
Possibly getting out of it.
That is the last thing
that I want.
If you guys treat this like a set-up,
I知 gonna have no fun at all.
I'm not pushing.
But we're packing this.
Which means we definitely
won't have room for...
What if I get bored?
These'll help?
"Soviet economic structures"?
"Aftermath of the ca... "
No.
We have a lake and a cake.
No more learning!
Think fast.
Ooh, faster than that.
Sorry, sorry.
Move along.
- Nice!
- Is that Holden?
We'll be right down!
He just transferred from state.
Best hands on the team.
He's a sweet guy.
- And he's good with his hands.
- Hey!
I'm kind of seeing this girl,
But you're way blonder
than she is.
But I was thinking,
you know, maybe...
What is this?
What are these?
What are you doing with these?
Okay, I get it.
I'll leave the books.
No, no. Who gave you these?
Who taught you about these?
I learned it from you, okay?
I learned it from watching you!
Okay, seriously,
professor Bennett...
He covers this whole book
in his lectures.
You should read this.
Gurovsky. Now, this is
way more interesting.
Also, Bennett
doesn't know it by heart,
So he'll think
you're insightful.
And you have no pants.
Oh, shit!
- That pretty much it?
- Fuckin' better be.
You know, Jules, it's a
weekend, not an evacuation.
Trust me when I say there
is nothing in those cases
you won't be glad I brought.
I'm shutting right up.
Oh, my god.
# In the backseat
screaming out loud #
screaming out... #
Marty.
What the fuck is wrong
with you, bro?
People in this town drive in a
very counterintuitive manner.
That's what I have to say.
Do you want to spend
the weekend in jail?
'Cause we'd all like to check
out my cousin's country home.
Marty, honey, that's not okay.
Statistical fact...
Cops will never pull over a man
with a huge bong in his car.
Why?
They fear this man.
They know he sees
farther than they,
And he will bind them
with ancient logics.
Have you gone gray?
You're not bringing
that thing in the rambler.
What? A giant bong
in your father's van?
What are you, stoned?
Hey, man.
Dana, you fetching minx!
Do you have any food?
Everybody ready?
- Whoo!
- Yeah!
- Yeah?
- Okay, I知 ready.
Let's get this show
on the road.
Fuck, yeah!
# The static comes in slow #
# You can feel it grow #
# Our stream of conscience
flows... #
The nest is empty.
We're right on time.
I hope this
is the right road.
It doesn't even show up
on the G. P. S.
It is unworthy
of global positioning.
That's the whole point...
Get off the grid, right?
No cell phone reception,
No traffic cameras.
Go someplace
for one goddamn weekend
where they can't globally
position my ass, man.
You can...
This is the whole issue.
Is society crumbling, Marty?
No, society is binding.
Right? It's filling in
the cracks with concrete.
Everything's filed
or recorded or blogged, right?
Chips in our kids' heads
so they won't get lost?
Society needs to crumble.
We're all just too
chicken shit to let it.
I've missed your rants.
You will come
to see things my way.
- Identification, please.
- Security team 6...
Mr. Sitterson.
Mr. Hadley.
Thank you.
- What's your name?
- Daniel Truman, sir.
This isn't the military, Truman.
You can drop the "sir".
But Sitterson does like
to be called ma'am.
- Or honey toes.
- He will also answer to honey toes.
You clear on what's
going to be happening here?
I've been prepped extensively.
And did they tell you
that being prepped
- is not the same thing as being prepared?
- They told me.
- I'll hold my post, Mr. Hadley.
- Good man.
Okay, system's online.
Acquiring target.
Let's see what we got.
All right.
I'm thinking this thing
doesn't take credit cards.
I don't think
it knows about money.
I think it's barter gas.
Hello?
Say, Holden.
Holden!
I don't think
there's gonna be any...
You come here uninvited?
Fuck!
Dude.
Sign says "closed".
We were looking
to buy some gas.
Does this pump work?
If you know how to work it.
We also wanted
to get directions.
- Yeah, we're looking for... What's it called?
- Tillerman road.
Do you know if it's this way?
Tillerman road takes you
up the hill there,
Dead ends
at the old Buckner place.
My cousin bought
a house up there.
You go through, like, a mountain
tunnel; there's a lake.
- Would that be the...
- Buckner place.
Always someone looking
to sell that plot.
You knew the original owners?
Yeah, not the first.
I seen plenty come and go.
- Hell, I been here since the war.
- Which war?
You know damn well which war.
Would that have been
with the blue
and some in gray,
Brother perhaps fighting
against brother in that war?
You sassin' me, boy?
You were rude to my friend.
That whore?
What'd you say?
I think we got enough gas.
You got enough
to get you there.
Getting back...
That's your concern.
Well, good luck
with your business, sir.
I know the railroad's coming
through here any day now.
That's gonna be big.
Streets paved
with actual street.
Fucker.
Guys, take a look.
This must be it.
Oh, my god,
it's, uh, beautiful.
One spider and I知
sleeping in the rambler.
I mean it.
Come on, give me a hand.
Ho ho!
This is awesome.
It is kinda cool.
Hey, you gonna kill us
a raccoon to eat?
I'll use its skin
to make a cap.
Everybody get your suits on.
- In 10 minutes, we're hitting the lake.
- Yeah.
I was not informed
there would be calisthenics.
Yeah, I don't think so.
Whoa.
No way.
Nah... Ah, shit.
Um, this is happening.
Uh...
Hold up!
You've got to
be fucking kidding me.
That's just creepy.
It was pioneer days.
People had to make
their own interrogation rooms.
Who did your cousin
buy this place from?
We should check the rest of the rooms
and make sure this is the only one.
'Cause you know Marty wants
to watch us pounding away.
I didn't even like
hearing that.
Don't be an ape, Curt.
How about we switch?
Not that I壇... I mean,
I壇 put the picture back,
But you might feel better
if we switched rooms.
I really would.
Thanks for, uh, being decent.
It's the least I could do
since Curt and Jules
sold you to me for marriage.
Um, they're not subtle.
Well, I値l just be flattered
and keep it to myself.
Yeah, I知 not looking for...
But I知 still grateful
that you're not a creep.
Let's not jump
to any conclusions there.
I had kind of an internal debate
about showing you the mirror...
Shouting on both sides,
blood was spilled.
So you're bleeding internally.
Pretty bad.
Well, Jules is pre-Med. You
should probably talk to her.
Uh, o-okay.
Whoa.
Oh. Ooh, ooh, ooh.
Yeah, I don't think so.
Yeah...
Very clean, Curt...
You gonna get the rest?
Are you gonna help?
I gotta say,
I like my room.
Places, everyone.
We are live.
Engineering, we've got
a room change...
Polk is now in 2,
McCrea is in 4.
Operations, do you copy?
We need a scenario adjustment.
- I値l have it back to you in 15.
- Miss Lin.
We've got the blood work
back on Louden.
Her levels are good,
but we're recommending
a 50mg bump of Rhohyptase
to increase libido.
- Sold.
- Do we pipe it in or do you want to do it orally?
Oh, ask me that again,
only slower.
You're a pig. Guess how we're
slowing down cognition.
I don't know.
- The hair dye.
- Dumb blonde.
- Very artistic.
- Works its way into the blood
through the scalp...
Very gradual.
The Chem Department
keeps their end up.
I'll see it when I believe it.
- Control?
- Yeah, go ahead.
Uh, I have the harbinger
on line 2.
Oh, Christ.
Can you take a message?
Uh, I don't think so.
He's really pushy.
Um, to be honest,
he's kind of freaking me out.
Okay, put him on.
Mordecai, baby,
what's happening?
How's the weather up top?
The lambs have passed
through the gate.
They are come
to the killing floor.
Well, you're doing
a great job out there.
By the numbers, man. You got
us started off just right.
So we'll talk
to you later, okay?
Their blind eyes see nothing
of the horrors to come.
Their ears are stopped.
They are the gods' fools.
Well, that's how it works.
Cleanse them.
Cleanse the world
of their ignorance and sin.
Bathe them in the crimson of...
Am I on speakerphone?
No, absolutely not.
Speakerphone? No.
No, I wouldn't do that.
Yes, I am.
I can hear the echo.
Oh, my god.
You're right.
Hang on one second.
I'll take you off.
That's rude. I don't
know who's in the room.
Fine, there...
You're off.
Thank you.
Don't take this lightly, boy.
It wasn't all by your numbers.
The fool nearly derailed the
invocation with his insolence.
The ancient ones
see everything.
And they will not be...
I'm still on speakerphone,
aren't i?
Oh, my god, Mordecai!
I can't believe it.
It did it again.
Mordy?
What happens next?
Whoo!
Ah!
Oh, that's cold!
Whoo, that's what
cold feels like!
Yeah, how cold?
Is it worth it?
Come on, Jules.
Life is risk.
Yeah, I might just risk laying
out in the sun for a while.
Boo.
- Hey, what is that?
- What?
- In the lake right there.
- Oh, come on.
Guys, I知 serious,
right there. There, there!
God, it looks just
like my girlfriend.
Oh, my god!
There's something else
in the lake.
- It's a gorgeous man!
- I'm gonna kill you!
Don't kill the gorgeous man.
We're endangered.
All right, last chance.
It's post time.
Dig deep, people.
Betting windows are closing.
Okay, who's still out?
Uh, let's see... We've got
Engineering, we've got R&D,
- And we've got Electrical.
- Did you see who they picked?
They're practically
giving their money away.
You should talk, Aquaman.
- What do you mean?
- Aw, nothing.
Okay, all right.
I'm not even sure
we have one of these.
Zoology swears we do.
Well, they'd know.
Okay, all right, people.
Hey, what do you got?
No, they've already
been picked.
What? No.
Who took them?
- Maintenance.
- Maintenance?
- They pick the same thing every year.
- What do you want from me?
If they were creative, they
wouldn't be in maintenance.
Now, you're gonna have to split this if you win.
You wanna switch?
Um, I don't know.
I don't know.
What do you think?
More than anything I just
want this moment to end.
Not betting?
Not for me.
Thanks.
Seems a little harsh,
doesn't it?
It's just people
letting off steam.
This job isn't easy, however
those clowns may behave.
Does the director... Do they
know about this downstairs?
The director doesn't
care about this stuff,
As long as everything
goes smoothly upstairs,
As long as the kids do
as they are told...
But then it's fixed.
No, no, no.
How can you wager on this
when you control the outcome?
No, we just get them in the cellar.
They take it from there.
No, they have to make the
choice of their own free will.
Otherwise the system
doesn't work.
Just like the harbinger.
He's this creepy old fuck,
Practically wears a sign.
"You will die. "
Why do we put him there?
The system.
They have to choose
to ignore him,
And they have to choose
what happens in the cellar.
Yeah, we rig the game
as much as we need to,
But in the end,
they don't transgress...
They can't be punished.
So what's it going to be,
Truman? You in?
Window's closing.
I'm fine.
Okay, that's it, gang.
The board is locked!
Oh, let's get
this party started.
Let's get this party started!
Okay, who wants some beer?
Here you go.
Okay, my turn.
Jules?
Mmm?
Truth or dare?
- Let's go dare.
- All right.
I dare you to make out with...
Please say Dana. Please say Dana.
Please say Dana.
...that moose over there.
Marty, have you ever
seen a moose before?
Whatever that
mysterious beast is.
- That's a wolf.
- That's clearly a wolf.
I'm living in a womb of reefer.
Leave me alone.
Jules, I dare you
to make out with that wolf.
No problem.
Who? Me?
Why, yes, I am new in town.
How did you know?
Oh, my god, that is
so sweet of you to say.
I just colored it, in fact.
No, no, no, there's no need
to huff and puff.
I'll let you come in.
Oh.
Thank you.
Yeah, baby!
- Now then, Dana?
- Truth.
What's that supposed to mean?
I'm just skipping ahead.
You're gonna say "dare".
She's gonna dare you to do
something you don't like.
And then you'll puss out and say
that you wanted truth all along.
Really?
Okay, Jules, dare.
What the hell was that?
It's the cellar door.
The wind must have
blown it open.
Uh, that makes
what kind of sense?
What do you think
is down there?
Why don't we find out?
Dana...
I dare you.
How long do I have to
stay down here?
Oh, you know,
just till morning.
- Ah!
- Dana?
You okay?
Yeah.
Sorry, I just scared myself.
Well, you called for help.
That voids the dare.
Take your top off.
What? I didn't
make up the rules.
Oh, my god.
Look at all this.
Uh, guys...
I'm not sure it's awesome
to be down here.
- Guys?
- Dude, seriously,
Your cousin is
into some weird shit.
Yeah, well, I知 pretty sure
this ain't his.
Maybe it was the people
who put in that mirror thing.
Some of this stuff
looks really old.
It's beautiful.
Maybe we should
go back upstairs.
I dare you all to go upstairs.
Guys?
Guys, listen to this.
"April 4th.
Father was cross with me and
said I lacked the true faith.
I wish I could prove
my devotion
as Judah and Matthew proved
on those travelers. "
What is that?
Diary of Anna Patience Buckner,
1903.
"Mama screamed
most of the night.
I prayed that
she might find faith,
But she only stopped
when papa cut her belly
and stuffed the coals in.
Judah told me in my dream
that Matthew took him
to the black room,
so I know he is killed.
I want to understand
the glory of the pain
like Matthew,
But cutting the flesh
makes him have
a husband's bulge
and I do not get like that. "
- Jesus, can we not...
- No, go on.
- Why?
- I want to know.
"I have found it...
In the oldest books,
the way of saving our family.
My good arm
is hacked up and 'et'
so I hope
this will be readable.
But a believer will come
and speak this to our spirits.
Then we will be restored and
the great pain will return. "
And then... Then there's
something in Latin.
Okay, I知 drawing a line
in the fucking sand here.
Do not read the Latin.
Read it.
- What the fuck?
- Read it out loud.
No, no, no.
Stop being a fucking baby.
- Curt.
- It's a diary.
It doesn't even mean anything.
Dana.
We have a winner!
It's the Buckners,
ladies and gentlemen.
The Buckners pull a "W".
All right, that means
that congratulations
go to Maintenance...
...who share the pot
with Ronald the intern.
- Yeah! Whoo!
- Wait, that's not fair. I had zombies, too.
Yes, you did.
Yes, you had zombies.
But this is "zombie redneck
torture family". See?
They're entirely
separate species.
It's like the difference between
an elephant and an elephant seal.
There's always next year.
They're like
something from a nightmare.
No, they're something
nightmares are from.
Everything in our stable
is remnant of the old world,
Courtesy of you know who.
Monsters? Magic? Gods?
You get used to it.
Should you?
Oh, man, I知 sorry.
- He had the conch in his hands.
- I know.
You know,
a couple more minutes,
Who knows what
might have happened?
I am never gonna
see a merman, ever.
Dude, be thankful.
Those things are terrifying.
And the clean-up on 'em
is a nightmare.
So the Buckners again.
Well, they may be zombified,
pain-worshipping
backwoods idiots.
But they're our zombified,
pain-worshipping backwoods idiots.
- With 100% clearance rate.
- True.
So should we call Japan?
Tell them to take
the rest of the weekend off?
Yeah, right.
They're Japanese.
What are they gonna do, relax?
I'd just like to see them
fall on their asses for once.
God, don't even joke.
Every other branch
has air-Balled.
We need the Japanese crew
to get it done.
There's too much
riding on this.
# Can't get you
out of my head #
# Thinking about you
while I知 lying in bed #
# Your fingertips are craving,
got me misbehaving #
# And all I want to do
is scream your name out #
# I want your desire... #
Fuck, yeah, baby.
This is so classy.
Come on, like you wouldn't
want a piece of that.
Can we not talk about people
and pieces anymore tonight?
Oh, are you
feeling lonely, Marty?
Marty and I were sweeties
in our freshman hall.
We made out once.
I never did buy that ring.
But we're still...
Close.
I have a theory about all this.
That's our cue to bail.
Tommy Chong here has a theory.
Come on, baby.
Don't worry, you can
tell it to egghead here
if he's not too busy
devirginizing Dana.
Jules, do you want
to go lie down?
That's exactly the point.
Come on.
- Mush, mush!
- Don't push me around.
Not around, baby.
It's a straight line.
You seriously believe
nothing weird is going on?
Conspiracy?
The way everybody is acting.
Why is Jules suddenly
a celebutard?
And since when does Curt
pull this alpha-male bullshit?
I mean, he's a sociology major.
He's on full
academic scholarship
and now he's calling
his friend an egghead?
Curt's just drunk.
I've seen Curt drunk.
Jules, too.
Well, then, maybe
it's something else.
What?
You're not seeing what
you don't want to see.
Puppeteers.
Puppeteers?
Pop-Tarts?
Did you say
you have pop-Tarts?
Marty, I love you,
but you're really high.
We are not who we are.
I'm gonna go read
a book with pictures.
Thank you.
"The pain outlives the flesh.
The flesh returns or re...
Has a meeting place. "
What is that?
The Latin that you read...
You speak Latin?
Not well.
Not since 10th grade.
Weird how it all comes back.
Well, it's a weird
kind of night.
I'm sorry about tonight.
Everybody...
Do I lose points if I tell you
I知 having a pretty nice time?
No.
You can tell me that.
What are you running away for?
Ah!
Don't spill on me.
Oh, did I get a little
beer on your shirt?
I guess it'll have to
come off, huh?
- Not here.
- Oh, baby, come on.
We're all alone.
I'm chilly.
Okay, guys, that's it.
Let's go.
We've got a job to do.
Your basic human needs disgust me.
Get out of here.
Do we have temperature
control in this sector?
On it.
Engaging pheromone mists.
It's so dark.
Take me inside.
Baby, come on,
this is why we came here.
It's romantic.
Okay, baby,
let's see some boobies.
Show us the goods.
Does it really matter
if we see...
We're not the only ones
watching, kid.
Gotta keep
the customer satisfied.
You understand
what's at stake here?
Oh.
Score.
Jules!
Fuck.
- Curt!
- Ah!
Oh, fuck.
Curt!
No. No.
What are you... What are
you gonna do to me?
- No!
- Curt!
This we offer
in humility and fear
for the blessed peace
of your eternal slumber.
- As it ever was.
Nemo, man, you gotta wake up.
Your shit is topsy-turvy.
I知 gonna go for a walk.
Okay, I swear to fucking god
somebody is talking.
Or I知 pretty sure
someone is. Oh.
I知 gonna go for a walk.
Enough!
What are you saying, huh?
What do you want?
You think I知 a puppet, huh?
You think I知 a puppet,
Gonna do a little
fuckin' puppet dance?
I'm the boss of my own
brain, so give it up.
I'm gonna go for a walk.
I don't want to...
I mean, I致e never...
I don't mean "never".
Hey, nothing you don't want.
He's got a husband bulge.
I thought there'd be stars.
We are abandoned.
- Ah!
- Fuckin' run!
- Whoa!
- Curt!
Dead bitch.
Jesus!
What the fuck?
Curt, what the fuck?
- Where are you hurt? Is all of this from you?
- Hold on, hold on!
- Where's...
- Curt, you're okay.
Where's Jules?
She's gone.
We gotta get out of here.
No! No, wait.
- Dana, don't open that.
- I'm not leaving here without Jules.
That dead girl's out there!
Dana, come on!
- What is that thing?
- Fuck.
- I don't know, but there's more of them.
- More of them?
I saw a young girl,
All zombied like him.
But she was missing an arm.
Oh, my god.
Patience.
The diary.
- Look, we gotta lock this place down.
- He's right.
We'll go room by room, barricade
every window and door.
We gotta play it safe.
No matter what happens,
we have to stay together.
- Fuck!
- Calm down.
Watch the master work.
- This isn't right.
- What? What's the matter?
Th... This isn't right.
We should split up.
We can cover
more ground that way.
Yeah.
Yeah, good idea.
Really?
Guys... You guys,
get in your rooms.
Lock 'em in.
Huh? What...
What the fuck?
Ah!
Shit. Oh.
What the...
What the fuck?
Uh-Oh, that's not good.
Out of the way. Out of the way.
Out of the way.
Chem Department, I need 500 ccs
of Thorazine pumped into room 3.
- No, no, no, no, no, no.
- Stand by, chem.
Judah Buckner to the rescue.
What the fuck?
What the fuck?!
Oh, my god.
I'm on a reality TV show.
My parents are gonna think
I知 such a burnout.
Ah! Fuck!
Ah! Help!
Ah!
No, no!
Help me! Help me!
Must be getting excited
downstairs.
Greatest show on earth.
Somebody help me!
Come on!
- Ah! Move the bed.
- Come on, come on.
Holden.
- It's empty.
- Go.
- Curt?
- Unlock the door.
I can't.
Get down to the basement.
This is the black room.
Nice.
From the diary.
This is where he killed them.
This is where he kills us.
Oh, hey, no.
He's not gonna kill us.
We just gotta find a door.
Okay?
Let's just check
the walls, okay?
Curt?
I mean, there's got
to be some...
Ah! No!
You like pain?
How's that work for you?
Oh, these fucking zombies.
Remember when you could just
throw a girl in a volcano?
How old do you think I am?
Let's move! Come on!
Come on, let's go!
What about Marty?
They got him.
Fuck you!
Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you,
Fuck you, fuck you.
- You seeing this?
- Perfect record, huh?
The Japan crew should have
had this in the bag.
They fucked us. How hard is
it to kill nine-year-olds?
Zero fatality, total wash.
I知 telling you,
you want good product,
You gotta buy American.
Any word from downstairs?
Downstairs doesn't
care about Japan.
- The director trusts us.
- Hey, you just sweat the Chem, Lin.
While these morons are singing
"what a friend we have in Shinto,"
we are bringing the pain.
Yeah, and what the fuck's up
with this guy's pot anyway?
Now he's supposed
to be drooling,
And instead he almost makes us?
We treated the
shit out of it.
Okay, we got the rambler
heading toward the tunnel.
The fool's toast anyway.
And so are we if you don't
get this under control.
- Shit.
- What? "Shit" why?
- Gotta go. Work to do.
- You guys are humanity's last hope.
If the ancients rise, we...
- There's no cave-In.
- What?
The fucking tunnel's open!
- Control to demolition.
- We're dark in the whole sector.
- Try to bypass it.
- What the fuck do you think I知 doing?
Okay, open the door.
Look out.
Get out of the...
Make a hole.
- What the fuck's going on?
- We don't know.
Electrical said
there was a glitch...
That tunnel should have
blown hours ago.
- Well, we didn't get the order.
- Come on, come on.
Right there.
Hadley, what is going on?
Hadley!
Why hasn't the tunnel blown?
No. No, no, no.
No fucking way!
I can't believe this, man.
This ain't happening.
It's right there.
All right, we got any
climbing gear, ropes?
Yeah, in my fucking dorm room.
We can't go back.
There's no way across?
What are we gonna do, jump?
Dude.
What?
Curt, are you sure about this?
I've done bigger jumps
than this.
You've got a smooth run
and maybe a five-foot
differential on the other side.
But you've got
to give it everything.
Curt...
Look, you guys,
you stay in the rambler.
I'll get help.
If I wipe out,
I値l fucking limp for help.
But I知 coming back here.
I'm coming back
with cops and choppers
and large fuckin' guns.
And those things
are gonna pay...
For Jules.
Don't hold back.
I never do.
No!
Curt!
No! Oh, god!
Oh, my god.
He hit something.
There's nothing.
What did he hit?
Puppeteers.
Marty was right.
Get in the van.
Dana.
Marty was right.
You're going back.
I'm going through.
We'll just drive.
There's got to be another road,
another way out of here.
That won't work.
Something'll happen.
It'll collapse, wash away.
Then we just leave
the roads altogether,
Drive as far as we can
into the forest
and we go on foot from there.
You're missing the point.
Please do not go nuts
on me, okay, Dana?
You're all I致e got now.
I'm okay.
Good, okay,
'cause I need you calm.
Okay, no matter what happens,
we've got to stick...
God damn, that was close!
Yeah, photo fuckin' finish.
I don't understand.
You're celebrating?
They're celebrating.
I'm drinking.
But she's still alive. How
can the ritual be complete?
The virgin's death is optional
as long as it's last.
The main thing is that
she, you know, suffers.
That she did.
It's so strange.
I'm actually rooting
for this girl.
She's got so much heart.
You think of all the pain and the...
# Tequila is my lady!
My lady! #
Come on in, guys.
Come on in, come on in.
You're welcome.
Tequila!
From darkness there is light.
Ah!
# As soon as you are able #
# Woman, I am willin' #
# To make the break
that we are on the brink of #
# My cup is on the table #
# My love is spillin' #
# Waiting here for you
to take and drink of... #
I wish that I could do
what you do.
- Oh, my god.
- Yeah, it's masterful.
Oh, I don't know. You know,
tonight was solid. I don't know.
Are you kidding?
Classic denouement.
- When the van hits the lake...
- I screamed.
- Right?
- And the water rushing in and the zombie...
Primal terror.
I just think it would've
been cooler with a merman.
Do you know if we get the
overtime bonus on this one?
Accounting's over there.
Ask them.
I don't need to.
I already know the answer.
I'm an intern.
So I don't qualify for O. T.
It's funny that
you like the ballet,
Because I happen
to have two tickets
to your favorite...
You knuckleheads.
You almost gave me a heart
attack with that tunnel.
Like I said, it wasn't our fault.
We didn't get the order.
I'm just giving you
a hard time.
come on.
Give us a hug.
- Hey.
- No, seriously, that wasn't our fault.
There was a glitch... A
power reroute from upstairs.
What do you mean, upstairs?
Turn the fucking music off.
Hello?
That's impossible. Everything
was done within the guidelines.
The virgin's the only one.
No, I am not doubting you.
Which one?
- Marty?
- Hi.
Dana!
Dana, come on.
Oh!
Marty, wait,
we're going in the grave?
Dana, come on!
What is this place?
Whoa, whoa.
Whoa, whoa, okay.
Yeah, I had to dismember
that guy with a trowel.
What have you been up to?
Nobody else, huh?
Yeah.
Yeah, I figured.
You figured everything.
No, not at all.
But I do know some stuff.
As in...
It's an elevator.
Somebody sent those dead
fucks up here to get us.
Now, there's
no controls inside,
But there's maintenance
overrides in there.
And I think I can
get it to go down.
Do we want to go down?
Where else are we gonna go?
Here.
Okay, okay, okay.
Yeah.
Ah! Come on!
Fucking zombie arm!
Oh, shit.
Shit.
Oh, my god.
What the...
We chose.
What? What?
What? Oh.
Fuck.
In the cellar.
All that shit
we were playing with.
They made us choose.
They made us choose how we die.
We saw them go down
the access drop.
They have to be
in one of these.
Internal security could...
I don't care if it's not protocol.
Are you fucking high?
It's the fool.
Do not touch the girl.
If he outlives her,
this whole thing goes to hell.
Take him out first.
Clean-up says the prep team
missed one of the kid's stashes.
Whatever he's been smoking has been
immunizing him to all our shit.
How does that help us
right now? What?
No, if you have a confirmed
kill, take her out, too.
- There!
- 3606.
- Gotcha.
- Bring 'em down.
Out of the elevator! Step out of the elevator!
- Why are you trying to kill us?
- Step out.
- Just the girl.
- Just me?
Do it!
No!
Ah!
Good work, zombie arm.
You shouldn't be here.
This should have
gone differently,
Ended more quickly.
I can only imagine
your pain and confusion.
But know this.
What's happening to you
is part of something bigger,
Something older
than anything known.
You've seen horrible things,
An army of nightmare creatures.
But they are nothing
compared to what came before,
What lies below.
It's our task to placate
the ancient ones,
As it's yours
to be offered up to them.
Forgive us and let us
get it over with.
Go on.
Go, go, go, go.
Army of nightmares, huh?
Let's get this party started.
Hold your fire!
Oh, shit.
Go, go, go!
Out there! Spread out!
We need men now!
Ah!
Please don't cut...
Get the fucker off me!
Lead officer Truman
to security command,
Requesting immediate reinforcements.
Code black.
I repeat - code black.
Where the fuck are you guys?
Sector 12 down.
Sector 8 down.
- Sector 3 down.
- Jesus Christ!
Why aren't the defenses working?
Where's the fucking gas?
Something chewed through the
connections in the utility shaft.
- Something which?
- Something scary!
Oh!
The north exit is blocked.
You can't go there!
Where are you going?
# Hush, little baby,
don't say a word... #
Go, go, go. Go.
Ooh.
Fuck, we're running
out of time!
It's on lockdown.
I'm trying to bypass.
Oh!
Hadley!
Aw, come on!
- Oh, my god.
- God.
No, no!
Gah! Oh.
It's you.
No, no, please, please,
please, please.
Kill him.
Okay, Dana, come on.
Dana.
Here, it's easier with this.
Look at these.
Five of them.
What are they?
Us.
I should have seen it
like you did.
This is part of a ritual.
A ritual sacrifice?
Great. You tie someone
to a stone,
Get a fancy dagger
and a bunch of robes.
- It's not that complicated.
- No.
It's simple.
They don't just want
to see us killed.
They want to see us punished.
Punished for what?
For being young.
It's different
in every culture.
And it has changed
over the years,
But it has always
required youth.
There must be at least five.
The whore...
She's corrupted.
She dies first.
The athlete.
The scholar.
The fool.
All suffer and die
at the hands of...
Whatever horror
they have raised,
Leaving the last to live or die
as fate decides...
The virgin.
Me? Virgin?
We work with what we have.
But what if you
don't pull it off?
- They rise.
- Who does?
What's beneath us?
The ancient ones... The gods
that used to rule the earth.
As long as they accept
our sacrifice,
They remain below.
But the other rituals
have all failed.
The sun is coming up
in eight minutes.
If you live to see it,
the world will end.
Maybe that's the way
it should be.
If you've got to kill
all my friends to survive,
Maybe it's time for a change.
We're not talking about change.
We're talking about
the agonizing death
of every human soul
on the planet,
Including you.
You can die with them
or you can die for them.
Gosh, they're both so enticing.
Wow.
The whole world, Marty.
Is in your hands, Dana.
There is no other way.
You have to be strong.
Yeah, Dana,
You feeling strong?
I'm sorry.
So am i.
I got it!
Marty.
Ah.
Hey.
You know...
I don't think Curt
even has a cousin.
Huh.
How are you?
Going away.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry I almost shot you.
I probably wouldn't have.
Hey, hey, no.
Shh. No.
I totally get it.
I'm sorry I let you
get attacked by a werewolf
and then ended the world.
No.
You were right.
Humanity...
It's time to give
someone else a chance.
Giant evil gods.
I wish I could have seen them.
I know.
That would have been
a fun weekend.
# Gave up trying to
figure it out #
# But my head got lost
along the way #
# Worn out from giving it up #
# My soul,
I pissed it all away #
# Still stings
these shattered nerves #
# Pigs, we get
what pigs deserve #
# I'm going all the way down,
I知 leaving today #
# Come, come, come on,
you've gotta fill me up #
# Come, come,
gotta let me inside you #
# Come, come, come on,
you gotta fix me up #
# Come, come,
gotta let me inside you #
# Still feel
it all slipping away #
# But it doesn't
matter anymore #
# Everybody's
still slipping away #
# But it doesn't
matter anymore #
# Look through
these blackened eyes #
# You'll see 10,000 lies #
# My lips may promise,
but my heart is a whore #
# Come, come, come on,
you've gotta fix me up #
# Come, come,
gotta let me inside you #
# Come, come, come on,
you gotta fill me up #
# Come, come, gotta let me
get through to you #
# This isn't meant to last #
# This is for right now #
# This is for right #
# I know
it's all getting away #
# And it comes to me
as no surprise #
# And I know
what's coming to me #
# Is never going to arrive #
# Fresh blood
through tired skin #
# New sweat to drown me in #
# Dress up
this rotten carcass #
# Just to make it look alive #
# Come, come, come on,
you've gotta fill me up #
# Come, come,
gotta let me inside you #
# Come, come, come on,
you gotta fix me up #
# Come, come, gotta let me
get through to you #
# This isn't meant to last #
# This is for right now #
# This is for right #
# I wish I could
put the blame on you #
# I want you to take me #
# I want you to break me #
# Then I want you
to throw me away #
# I wish I could
put the blame on you #
# I want you to take me #
# I want you to break me #
# Then I want you
to throw me away #
# I wish I could
put the blame on you #
# I want you to take me #
# I want you to break me #
# Then I want you
to throw me away. #
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org